Update to Node.js 14 'Fermium' (LTS) (#2410)
dod-ccpo/atat: docs/WindowsSubsystemLinux.md

Currently, ATAT requires at least Python 3.9. While Ubuntu currently
includes Python 3.9 in its repositories, it is generally not best practice to
use the system Python for development work. A separate Python install should be

> done through other means.

Reviewer: I applaud this change.  Well caught.

Author: :)

## Package Installation

All of Redis, NodeJS v14 (LTS/fermium), Yarn, `xmlsec1`, and PostgreSQL are available through the
Ubuntu repositories and can be installed with:

```
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install curl redis nodejs14 postgresql yarnpkg xmlsec1

> $ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/creationix/nvm/master/install.sh | bash 

Reviewer: This is not using nvm to install nodejs.  This is using package `nodejs14` instead.  The addition of curl makes sense.

I would expect to see the following here.  This is from https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm
`curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.38.0/install.sh | bash`

Author: NVM is for switching node versions. while apt node14 is for installing node 14 as default on the WSL instance.

Author: I will need to test on windows if this curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nvm-sh/nvm/v0.38.0/install.sh | bash also work but I guess it does, can you please try in yours?

Reviewer: Yes, I had good luck using nvm, installing it using that command (which is in the README at the git repo for the nvm project) and using it to install node 14 in this PR https://github.com/dod-ccpo/atat/pull/2397

## Package Installation

> All of Redis, NodeJS v14 (LTS/fermium), Yarn, `xmlsec1`, and PostgreSQL are available through the

Reviewer: We don't mention version number for any of the other packages here.  Also, isn't it stylized as Node.js rather than NodeJS?
```suggestion
All of Redis, Node.js, Yarn, xmlsec1, and PostgreSQL are available through the
```

Ubuntu repositories and can be installed with:

```

> $ sudo apt update

Reviewer: This is probably a good idea.

Author: 👍

> $ sudo apt install curl redis nodejs postgresql yarnpkg xmlsec1

Reviewer: Agree with inclusion of `curl`, especially since using on the next line.  I think `nodejs` could be removed here.  The expected version of node is being installed below with `nvm install`.
```suggestion
$ sudo apt install curl redis postgresql yarnpkg xmlsec1
```
